Add Direct Line Speech entrypoints to more docs (#3163)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: docs/DIRECT_LINE_SPEECH.md

> For Cognitive Services Speech Services, please refer to [`SPEECH.md`](https://github.com/microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat/blob/master/docs/SPEECH.md).

> This guide is for using Web Chat with chat and speech functionality provided by [Direct Line Speech protocol](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/Speech-Service/direct-line-speech).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is for using Web Chat with chat and speech functionality provided by the [Direct Line Speech protocol](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/Speech-Service/direct-line-speech).
```

> We assume you have already set up a Direct Line Speech bot and have Web Chat running on a page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We assume you have already set up a Direct Line Speech bot and have Web Chat running on your webpage.
```
